# Android-Training
Here is some interesting Links for the android training
Fragment Transations & Activity State Loss
http://www.androiddesignpatterns.com/2013/08/fragment-transaction-commit-state-loss.html

Fragments Transations & Activity State Loss video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW6idyV0CZQ

Setting Up SlidingMenu and ActionBarSherlock for Android 4.x.x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IW6idyV0CZQ

Some question response
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16265733/failure-delivering-result-onactivityforresult/18345899#18345899

Styling tabs in the Android Action bar
http://blog.alwold.com/2013/08/28/styling-tabs-in-the-android-action-bar/

Pager Sliding TabStrip
https://github.com/astuetz/PagerSlidingTabStrip

Some drawables
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Drawables

Extended ActionBar Guide
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Extended-ActionBar-Guide#custom-actionbar-styles

Using the CardView
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Using-the-CardView

Using the RecyclerView
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Using-the-RecyclerView

Selecting Items of a RecyclerView using StateListDrawables
http://www.grokkingandroid.com/statelistdrawables-for-recyclerview-selection/

ReclyclerView Part 1: Fundamentals For ListView Experts
https://www.bignerdranch.com/blog/recyclerview-part-1-fundamentals-for-listview-experts/

Creating Lists and Cards
https://developer.android.com/training/material/lists-cards.html

The code path documentation
A very source of the android documentation and training
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/The-CodePath-Goal

Converting JSON to Models
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Converting-JSON-to-Models

Flexibles User Interfaces
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Flexible-User-Interfaces

Free Android Curriculum
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Free-Android-Curriculum

Book Search Tutorial
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Book-Search-Tutorial

Android Asynchronous Http Client
http://loopj.com/android-async-http/

A powerful image downloading and caching library for android
http://square.github.io/picasso/

Defining Custom Views
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Defining-Custom-Views

Android Design Guidelines
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Android-Design-Guidelines

Using Android Studio
https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Using-Android-Studio

